Completed Issue #183 (#184)
cuttle-cards/cuttle: README.md

### Download nodeJs

[nodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) lets you create & run web servers in javascript (along with other fancy system-level stuff not needed for this project). Both the client and server depend on node as the main system-wide dependency. The download comes with npm (node package manager) which you'll use to install the project-specific dependencies.

> **Currently version 16.xx.xx of node is required** (Left-side download) as this is the current version that works with this project.

Reviewer: Let's link to the [node 16 download page](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v16.16.0/) and say 'latest' 
```suggestion
**Currently version 16.xx.xx of node is required** as this is the latest version compatible with this project. You can [download node 16 here](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v16.16.0/) or use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows) to manage multiple node versions (recommended for longer term nodejs development).
```
